For each of the three strategies—generic operations with explicit dispatch, data-directed style, and message-passing-style—describe the changes that must be made to a system in order to add new types or new operations. Which organization would be most appropriate for a system in which new types must often be added? Which would be most appropriate for a system in which new operations must often be added?

Explicit Dispatch
-----------------
New types require the creation of a set of functions that are carefully named and
then to have the generic dispatch function updated to dispatch on that type. New methods
are more or less the same, the additional carefully named method added and a generic
dispatch method created.

Data Directed
-------------
New types require the creation of an installer that defines implementations for each of the
methods required in the system. This installer will put an implementation for each method
defined by its type. New methods require an update of all the installers.

Message Passing
---------------
New types require the creation of an intelligent object that implements each of the required
methods in the system. New methods require the update of all these intelligent objects.

Lots of Types vs Lots of Methods
--------------------------------
I think in both cases message passing is the better approach. In both cases, adding new types
requires the creation of a set of methods, and adding new methods requires the update of either
all the installers in data directed or the intelligent objects in message passing.

> PARTIALLY CORRECT. Data directed is better when adding operations as this can be done outside
> of the definition of the type, in a separate logic block. You could have a file defining
> each of the operations for the types for instance.
